Adding documentation for how to contribute & ignore CI for *.md only changes (#64)
microsoft/terraform-provider-azuredevops: docs/contributing.md

You can then use the provider just like you normally would. You can try it out by using the project examples:

```bash
$ cd examples/

$ export AZDO_ORG_SERVICE_URL="..."
$ export AZDO_PERSONAL_ACCESS_TOKEN="..."

# Note: this one is not specifically required by the provider,
# but it is required by the example in this folder...
$ export AZDO_GITHUB_SERVICE_CONNECTION_PAT="..."

$ terraform init
...
Terraform has been successfully initialized!
...
```

After the provider has been correctly initialized, it can be used like any other provider. You can try for yourself by running any of the `terraform plan|apply|destroy|...` commands.

## Running the provider tests

#### Unit Tests

The unit tests are executed whenever `./scripts/build.sh` is run. This can be run locally, but will also be run on every automated build and will be a gate for any PR against this repository. If you made it this far, you've already ran these!

The tests can also be run in isolation by executing the following command from the [module root](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules). This will be the folder containing `go.mod`:
```bash
go test ./...
```

#### Acceptance Tests (Integration Tests)

> As of now these are not implemented. Please +1 our [open issue](https://github.com/microsoft/terraform-provider-azuredevops/issues/59) in order to draw attention to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now these are not implemented. Please add a 👍 reaction to our [open issue](https://github.com/microsoft/terraform-provider-azuredevops/issues/59) in order to draw attention to this.
```

Author: +1

...
